Activity count feature addition (#249)
cbrnr/sleepecg: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED] - YYYY-MM-DD
### Added
- Add support to store NSRR token in environment variable or user config ([#243](https://github.com/cbrnr/sleepecg/pull/243) by [Simon Pusterhofer](https://github.com/simon-p-2000))

> - Add download and storage of activity_counts for mesa data ([#249](https://github.com/cbrnr/sleepecg/pull/249) by [Simon Pusterhofer](https://github.com/simon-p-2000))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for downloading and storing activity counts for the MESA dataset ([#249](https://github.com/cbrnr/sleepecg/pull/249) by [Simon Pusterhofer](https://github.com/simon-p-2000))
```
